Regionizer C# with Auto Commenting System

As of version 2.1, Regionizer now comes with a C# auto commenting system based upon regular expressions.

View the Documentation Tab for more information.

Fixes for version 2.1.4

It is no longer required to run Visual Studio as an administrator to update the Registry.

It is possible to teach an old dog new tricks; after I posted a video on YouTube and then posted a link on Reddit,
the trolls quickly schooled me on the error of my ways.

At first my ego was insulted, but I then did a Google search and learned low and beholw, I was writing to HKey Local Machine
which is only in Windows 8.1 and above; So now I use Registry.CurrentUser\Software\DataJuggler\Regionizer\ to store
the comment dictionary.

Fixes for version 2.1.2

The target and target 2 variables are not trimmed of spaces. This was needed as some patterns were hard for me to match and get rid of the space.

Fixes for version 2.1.1

The Update Registry button was only enabled after you had clicked the "Check For Updates Button", now this is not required. You can edit the Custom Dictionary now and update the registry without checking for the comment dictionary update.

Fixes for version 2.1

1. The Auto Commenting System now includes an option to include custom dictionary
2. The Xml Reserved Character Helper can now be launched from within Visual Studio
3. Target Pattern 2 was added

A video for the Commenting System is coming soon!

To help create regular expressions for the commenting system, Reg Ex Hero is a really cool website: www.regexhero.com 

www.regexhero.com 

Fixes for Version 2.0 (Not Published, but included in 2.1 version)

1. If you are inserting an Event, and the Events region doesn't exist, you are now shown a message to this fact.
2. If you are inserting a Method, and the Methods region doesn't exist, you are now shown a message to this fact.
3. If you are creating a Property and the Properties region doesn't exist, you are now shown a message to this fact.
4. The Auto Commenting System Is Now Included With Regionizer
5. The project was updated to DOT Net Framework 4.5.1 and now runs on Visual Studio 2013 (recommended) or Visual Studio 2012.
6. The source code for XMLMirror.RunTime is included for the first time. Data Juggler plans to release this as an open source
project in the near future, but Regionizer downloaders get first access to this useful project.

All of the Passwords for the Keyfiles have been removed.

